if you want the house a great big house
8,000 square feet 7 bedrooms 7 baths
tons of room this is it we've got this
listed on our website this isn't for
everybody this is something you just got
to see now I'm not going to show the
whole house this is in Snellville this
is a giant house open everything look at
this staircase I'm going to show you
real quick and if you're interested in
having the house in Atlanta give me a
call
seven seven Oh for 800 209 this is the
house just showing you a little just
showing you a little the back I want you
to see the kitchen
I want you to see the KitchenAid
refrigerator this is a different kind of
house all around this is just one of the
floors this is the formal dining room
bedrooms everywhere let me go around
here and I'll show you the house right
quick biggest house in the area most
custom house I've seen in a long time
the view is extraordinary we've got
somebody watching the house right now
look at this master bedroom this master
bedroom is bigger than most houses
brand-new TV in the wall fireplace in
the wall balcony out back this is the
bathroom you can put your whole family
in the shower
I can't even get this thing on the
picture places to sit places to do
everything how many people have a
fireplace by the jetted tub this is
awesome I'm gonna tell you something
this closet has a closet just to give
you an idea this is huge
biggest house in the area most custom
house in the area this is Mark if you're
interested give me a call
7 7 o for 800 209 this is has this is
the type of house that dreams are made
of give us a call
ayo home solutions outstanding custom
design everything